Improve LSP1-UniversalReceiver + Delegate standard explanation (#404)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/lsp9-vault.md

### LSP1 - UniversalReceiver

:::info

See the **[LSP1-UniversalReceiver](../generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver.md)** standard for more information.

:::

> This standard enables the vault to be notified of incoming transactions such as token transfer, followers, information transfer, etc. Notifications are handy for situations where users want to customize how their account contract reacts to certain tokens by either rejecting them or operating a specific call on each token received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This standard enables the vault to be notified of incoming transactions such as token transfers, information transfers, etc. Notifications are handy when users want to customize how their account contract reacts to certain tokens by either rejecting them or operating a specific call on each received token.
```

The **[LSP9-Vault](#)** implements the `universalReceiver(..)` function that:

- Emits an event with the typeId and data passed to it, as well as additional parameters such as the amount sent to the function, the caller of the function, and the return value of the delegate contracts.

- Forwards the call to the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** contract address stored under the data key attached below, if it supports [LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate InterfaceId](../smart-contracts/interface-ids.md).

```json
{
  "name": "LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate",
  "key": "0x0cfc51aec37c55a4d0b1a65c6255c4bf2fbdf6277f3cc0730c45b828b6db8b47",
  "keyType": "Singleton",
  "valueType": "address",
  "valueContent": "Address"
}
```

- Forwards the call to the **typeId delegate** contract address stored under the data key attached below, if it supports [LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate InterfaceId](../smart-contracts/interface-ids.md).

```json
{
  "name": "LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate:<bytes32>",
  "key": "0x0cfc51aec37c55a4d0b10000<bytes32>",
  "keyType": "Mapping",
  "valueType": "address",
  "valueContent": "Address"
}
```

> > <bytes32\> is the `typeId` passed to the `universalReceiver(..)` function. 

Reviewer: why is it surrounded by `<` `>`?

Author: To mark that the <bytes32> in the schema
